# Re-Console+ 26.1 for Minecraft 1.21.10
Lots of smaller changes, and some bigger meta changes. This update rebased onto our new fork of Simply Optimized; called Simply Optimized Forked.

After Simply Optimized was discontinued it was decided that its a good idea to fork it and continue its development independently, with our own improvements. The project is not out on Modrinth yet but it is awaiting approval; we’ll notify when thats out.

We also began hosting our own Forgejo instance, to host our development. We also began to consolidate many projects into what was the Legacy Modpack Monorepo, into now what is called the Content Monorepo. It holds a lot of projects and is now developed on our self hosted Forgejo, mirrored to Codeberg and GitHub. Issues are exclusively hosted on GitHub. These things is primarily what made this update take so long

On both Re-Console+ and Simply Legacy we have also switched to CalVer (https://calver.org),

## 🟢 Additions

### Added Legacy Skins
Re-added from 1.21.8 versions!

### Added Tooltips Enhanced
Backports some new control icon stuff from Legacy4J upstream, courtesy of Cjnator and NicSonic

## ⚪️ Configuration Changes

### Rebased onto Simply Optimized Forked
Should improve stability.

### Updated options.txt
- Raised max fps to 250 (from 240)
- Set cloud distance to 48
- Set music frequency to frequent
- Cut down the size of the file

## Changed the intro sequence
Some changes to the intro sequence happened this update.

### Added new key art
Shows a part of the upcoming mc26.1 tutorial world.

### Added Lasting Legacy slides
Given that the new sub-org structure of Reverie Projects (fka Nostalgica Reverie), the project now will be under Lasting Legacy and the slides adjust for that.

## 🟤 Performance

### Rebased onto Simply Optimized Forked
Very similar to the last SO version, but with minor changes in regards to ram management.

## 🔴 Removals
This update of RC+ led some significant debloating, to help make the pack more lean and stable.

### Removed Krypton
Breaks e4mc, and doesn't provide reasonable performance gain.

### Removed Bedrock Skins
Conflicts with Legacy Skins

# 🟣 Meta-changes
We have moved all development for this modpack and many other projects into the new Content Monorepo.

## CurseForge changes
CurseForge has been adjusted to use some CF versions of our projects. This includes Moderner Beta, Legacy Titles, etc.

## Status of RC+ Vulkan
Re-Console+ Vulkan is discontinued given that Minecraft will be switching to Vulkan later this year.

## Discontinued Re-Console LTS on CurseForge
Given the outdated nature of the LTS on CurseForge, it will not be maintained any longer. Modrinth will still receive occasional updates.