# Re-Console+ Beta 0.1.0

# Summary
Relatively large performance-focused update, with some smaller qol features. CurseForge Support reimplemented.

# 🟠  CurseForge
Re-Console+ is now available on CurseForge. It is missing some content still; about 40% of the texture packs, but now has almost all RC+ and RC content.

## 🟢 Additions

### Added BetterF3
BetterF3 has been added and configured to be significantly more legible, and less cluttered than the default config.

### Added Bedrock Skins
This mod allows you to load and render skins from Bedrock Edition Skin Packs natively. It enables fully custom 3D geometry, as well as high-resolution textures.

### Added Hybrid Aspects
This replaces Ore Aspects by being a stripped down version of Legacy4J's Console Aspects resource pack. This also includes updating the soundtrack to include newer tracks that aren't biome specific.

### Added IdleTweaks
Compliments DynamicFPS by reducing render distance when tabbed out of the game.

### Added No Chat Restrictions
We live in an age of increasing digital censorship, and restrictions on what you can do on things you bought. The government of the United Kingdom has pushed forward a bill that restricts the internet massively; impacting Minecraft in the way that chat has been completely disabled unless you manually verify your age. This mod bypasses that.

## 🟤 Performance

### Added Krypton
Contrary to what I had thought, Krypton and Krypton FNP Patcher work together, which should improve network performance.

### Added MoreCulling
Many types of culling. May cause issues with some mods. The issue regarding Minimega should be fixed.

### Added Particle Core
Particle Core should improve performance with particles; the config made aggressively culls the particles, caps them out at ~8500, and adds random rejection.

### Added VeryManyPlayers
Improves singleplayer and server performance.

### Added WorldThreader
WorldThreader allows multiple dimensions to run on different threads.

### Added zFastNoise
Was supposed to be added a while back but I seemingly forgot. Should improve world-gen speeds.

## ⚪️ Configuration Changes
- Disabled C2ME's extended view distance in favor of Bobbys (see fixes)

## 🟡 Fixes

### Fixed the Extreme preset
Extreme now will properly use its 64 chunk render distance.

### Fixed Ixeris using the CurseForge version on Modrinth
Minor issue on packwiz, which now is fixed.

